Have you had enough supper?
We're not going out
Yes, once we go out
ghost
I know if you will cast a spell on Grandpa Bai again
supper
Quickly undo the evil spell on the old man for me
Quickly divorce me Xueyao
Get out of our house
Let him go
That's really cheap.
I'm going to hit him for 8 bucks
All our babies come up
Ye Xiang, everyone is very emotional now
I think it's better to call first
Call Song Xian before
Heal grandpa first, and then talk about it slowly
Uncle Bai Sisi
Don't you worry.
I suddenly thought
There is a big man who can cure Mr. Bai
I'll call now.
The commissar is great
Hurry up and call
Doctor Song Prophet
Really doctor Song Prophet
My dad is saved
Our dad is saved
Political commissar, you are amazing
Even the doctor Song Prophet can be invited